This version only manages mods compatible with BG2 and BGT. BGEE, BG2EE and EET will NOT be managed.

Bug fixes

    Baldurdash v1.75
        Error while modifying MAZZYP.DLG file which causes script parsing error (SetSetGlobal instead of SetGlobal)

    Big Picture v181
        Corrections to entries added in stats.ids file
        The "Forest Encounters" component needs the CLERIC_ANIMATE_TREE spell, but it was not always installed for it.

    Generalized Biffing v2.5
        Weidu version 247 causes a crash when launching the game. Version 246 is forced when installing the mod.

    Item Upgrade v45
        Missing translations in the itemupgrade / languages ​​/ french / lolwot.tra file prevented the mod from installing in French.

    Stratagems v33.7
        Correction of a typo error: east_antimagic in easy_antimagic
        Fixed an error where sometimes the lev_max variable was empty (not sure this is the correct way to correct).

    Wheels of Prophecy v8.3
        Wrong path saved in mod_root variable

Compatibility fixes

    Area patcher
        Components 5000 and 5001 were based on component 15 of BG1NPC which became 80.

    Ascension v2.0
        Some directions were written as a letter, not a number.
        It modifies the action.ids file to handle the directions in letter form.

    BG1 NPCs at Beginning v3.0
        Removed BG1NPC conditions that prevent certain components from being installed. The components in question no longer exist in BG1NPC.

    Big Picture v181
        Some directions were written as a letter, not a number.

    Gerri's BGT NPC Portraits v3.0
        The component "Portraits for BG1 Romantic Encounters" was based on component 0 of "BG1 Romantics Encounters" which no longer exists and replaced by components 100 to 105.

    Kiara-Zaiya NPCs v1.6.2
        The mod replaced several .ids files with older versions that did not contain all the required entries. Which caused a crash right after character creation.

    Rogue Rebalancing v4.92
        The Blademaster description, coupled with Stratagems' "4250 - Change spell sequencers and contingencies to special abilities" component, generated a description of more than 4096 characters, causing the game to crash when trying to select this kit. The description of the ability "Martial Demonstration" has been reduced.

    Stratagems v33.7
        Some directions were written as a letter, not a number.
        He was modifying the action.ids file to handle the directions in letter form.

